here are this week's top movies Jumanji
for teenagers magically enter a game and
become their chosen adult avatars in
Jumanji welcome to the jungle
the Bellas reunite one last time for an
overseas tour and face their biggest
challenge yet in pitch perfect 3 let
Sokka finish this bye bye Bella's you
want my advice
leisure lands where you want to be
little in the social satire downsizing a
man decides to shriek himself so he can
lead a better life the world is filled
with things to see see what's hot in
theatres with this week's fantasy
patient so what's your weekend ticket
going to be let us know by commenting
see you next time on weekend ticket